---
comments: true
date: 2012-07-24 15:12:08
layout: post
published: false
slug: day-1
title: Day 1
wordpress_id: 312
categories:
- James
---

The day finally arrived, we headed over to Middlewich with a couple of missions to accomplish. One was to do the boat handover, get all loaded up with supplies and be ready to go. The other was to drop Mum's car off near Church Minshull so that at the end of the day, we'd finish near her car, so she could head on home. Mum would join us later on in the week, but initially she was just helping on the Saturday.

The boat was fine, although there were quite a few little details to remember, from when to light the boiler, to checking the oil and the stern gland, which things you had to twiddle to get the heater working and which of the hob rings required a match rather than the lighter.

Drop mum at church minshull, strange noise at night time, swans attacking the boat!

Day 2

Early start, on the middlewich branch, first lock fine, next lock by the marina, trouble as the spot I was going to pull in to to wait (2 other boats ahead) was taken by a boat pulling out of the marina, apparently after refuelling. After a bit of a wait, hovering in the entrance to the marina, managed to get in to the side.. made it through in the end.

Barbridge - fine, Hurleston, had to moor up to wait for boats coming down, very windy, so when trying to turn in to the open lock, instead got blown in to the far side where I then ended up reversing all the way back, just to get the front out, before charging in to the lock, with a bump! The flight of four at Hurleston was fine, except when passing boats (to the right of course - the lock keeper made it clear that it is always to the right - except when it's not) - the wind though, which was coming from the right, made life very difficult!

At the top of the flight, we filled up with water and then, unwittingly pulled out, right in front of another boat, one which we would keep on seeing over the next few days! They turned out to be friendly in the end though.

The rest of the day involved Lift Up bridges (lucy hitting the side at great speed), wrenbury and the electric lift bridge (lots of boats coming too and fro), countryside locks. We stopped for the night after marbury lock ( I think) with a plan to meet my mum the next morning at Grindley Brook, ready for the flight of six (including a staircase of three) and then dropping off the mother in law.

Day 3

An early start, through the next three locks (including one with a broken top paddle, which made for a slow filling lock) and up towards the railway bridge before the first of the six Grindley Brook flight. I dropped Clare off and under the bridge she bumped in to Mum, so everyone was ready for the up. The first three locks get a bit tricky because of the short pounds between them, complete with weir at the bottom end and overflow at the top end, meaning that when you come out of the lock, going up, you get pulled in towards the weir, then when you approach the next lock, you get pushed away from the overflow!

The lock keeper was allowing three boats each way through the staircase, so when we got to the pound before the staircase, it was quite chaotic, with boats all over the place! We weren't going to make the next run of three up, so the pound slowly cleared and we moved in to pole position.

Once it was our turn, we zoomed up the staircase, filled up with water, said goodbye to Mum and Mother in Law, put our coats on and set off towards Whitchurch. There are no more locks for 20 odd miles, but we knew we would have to keep stopping for lift up bridges.

Moored at Ellesmere, just before the tunnel.

Day 3

Long day, 4 tunnels, 4 aqueducts

Careful of boats which pass in the night and knock your mooring peg out!

Day 4

Don't go in to ellesmere basin on a windy day

Day 5

Grindley Brook - almost fell in the pound, foot slipped on side of boat when trying to keep boat in the side.
